README.md, before:

# Device configuration for HTC Desire 601 (zara)

## Spec Sheet

| Feature                 | Specification                     |
| :---------------------- | :-------------------------------- |
| Chipset                 | Qualcomm MSM8930AA Snapdragon 400 |
| GPU                     | Adreno 305                        |
| Memory                  | 1GB RAM                           |
| Shipped Android Version | 4.2.2                             |
| Storage                 | 8 GB                          |
| MicroSD                 | Up to 64GB                       |
| Battery                 | 2100 mAh                          |
| Dimensions              | 134.5 x 66.7 x 9.9 mm         |
| Display                 | 540 x 960 pixels (245 ppi)  |
| Camera                  | 5 MP, 2592 х 1944 pixels     |
| Release Date            | October 2013                    |

This device tree  is only for GSM variants - ZARA_UL - WIP
## Device Picture

![HTC Desire 601](http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/shared/desktop/smartphones/htc-desire-601/marquee/htc-desire-601-en-slide-02.png "HTC Desire 601")

## Copyright

```
#
# Copyright (C) 2015 The CyanogenMod Project
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
```

Commit message:

zara: cleanup the tree (move to zara-common)
Change-Id: I485d8bfe3b2a41b2a726b7f160b9890ed82d874e

README.md, after:

Copyright 2015 - The CyanogenMod Project

# Device configuration for HTC Desire 601 (zaraul)

## Spec Sheet

| Feature                 | Specification                     |
| :---------------------- | :-------------------------------- |
| Chipset                 | Qualcomm MSM8930AA Snapdragon 400 |
| GPU                     | Adreno 305                        |
| Memory                  | 1GB RAM                           |
| Shipped Android Version | 4.2.2                             |
| Storage                 | 8 GB                          |
| MicroSD                 | Up to 64GB                       |
| Battery                 | 2100 mAh                          |
| Dimensions              | 134.5 x 66.7 x 9.9 mm         |
| Display                 | 540 x 960 pixels (245 ppi)  |
| Camera                  | 5 MP, 2592 х 1944 pixels     |
| Release Date            | October 2013                    |

This device tree  is only for GSM variants - ZARA_UL - WIP
## Device Picture

![HTC Desire 601](http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/shared/desktop/smartphones/htc-desire-601/marquee/htc-desire-601-en-slide-02.png "HTC Desire 601")

## Copyright

```
#
# Copyright (C) 2015 The CyanogenMod Project
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
```
